QUIZ

Question 1
          A computer program is said to learn from experience E with

          respect to some task T and some performance measure P if its

          performance on T, as measured by P, improves with experience E.

          Suppose we feed a learning algorithm a lot of historical weather

          data, and have it learn to predict weather. In this setting, what is T?
      
Answer : The process of the algorithm examining a large amount of historical weather data.


Question 2
          The amount of rain that falls in a day is usually measured in

          either millimeters (mm) or inches.  Suppose you use a learning

          algorithm to predict how much rain will fall tomorrow.

          Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?
   
Answer : Regression


Question 3
           Suppose you are working on stock market prediction.  
           You would like to predict whether or not a certain company will declare bankruptcy within the next 7 days 
          (by training on data of similar companies that had previously been at risk of bankruptcy).  
          Would you treat this as a classification or a regression problem?
          
Answer : Classification


Question 4 : 
          Some of the problems below are best addressed using a supervised

          learning algorithm, and the others with an unsupervised

          learning algorithm.  Which of the following would you apply

          supervised learning to?  (Select all that apply.) In each case, assume some appropriate

          dataset is available for your algorithm to learn from.
          
Answer : 1. Have a computer examine an audio clip of a piece of music, and classify whether or not there are vocals (i.e., a human voice singing) in that audio clip, or if it is a clip of only musical instruments (and no vocals).
         2. Given genetic (DNA) data from a person, predict the odds of him/her developing diabetes over the next 10 years.


Question 5
          Which of these is a reasonable definition of machine learning?
          
Answer : Machine learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
